Speaker A:  Answering  the  call.
Speaker A:  Okay.
Speaker B:  Wow,  who  is  that  coughing?
Speaker A:  I  don't  know.
Speaker A:  You  have  some  nice  chairs  over  there.
Speaker B:  Oh,  yeah.
Speaker B:  We  should  actually  say  something  right  to  see  if  transmission
Speaker B:  Okay.
Speaker A:  Yeah.
Speaker A:  Yep.
Speaker A:  Nice  side  right.
Speaker A:  I  do  see  some  bar  schools  and  some  furniture.
Speaker A:  Yeah.
Speaker A:  I  think  it  looks  good.
Speaker B:  works  Okay,  I  heard  some  echo,  so  I  tried  to
Speaker B:  mute  on  my  side.
Speaker B:  Hopefully  that  works  and,  you  know,  and  transcription  works.
Speaker B:  All  right.
Speaker B:  I  don't  think  I  can  speak  in  French  and  see
Speaker A:  Yeah.
Speaker B:  if  transcription  will  work  when  you  switch  to  French.
Speaker A:  Okay.
Speaker A:  Sure,  sure.
Speaker B:  Okay.
Speaker B:  All  right.
Speaker B:  Let's  see  how  that  works.
Speaker B:  Okay.
Speaker A:  Sure.
Speaker B:  Cool.
Speaker B:  I  think  this  is  good,  right?
Speaker A:  All  right.
Speaker B:  Yeah.
Speaker A:  Yeah,  this  should  be  good.
Speaker A:  Yeah.
Speaker B:  All  right.
Speaker B:  Ciao.
Speaker A:  Cool.
Speaker A:  Thank  you.
Speaker A:  Okay.